The next topic we're going to
tackle is Nested data, and
the idea of retrieving related records
that have a relationship with some of
the top level records
we've already dealt with.
For example, this is the new schema,
we're going to add to our schema.Graph QL.
And we have a new type we will
introduce called user stats.
This is where we're going to see tweet
count following count and follower count
and where you'll see that appear in
the Twitter UI is these three areas in
the header they're currently at zero, we
need to provide some real numbers first.
So you can imagine these might be
aggregated values that we have to go and
retrieve from some other place.
Maybe it's more expensive to go and
retrieve them.
And we don't necessarily want
to grab all that information for
other people's accounts, right?
Like these other accounts that
are not the currently logged in users.
So that's an example of something
where we need that for up here but
we most certainly do not need it for
every tweet.
We're gonna introduce the concept of
a tweet which is related to a user and
that each tweet has
an associated author and
tweets have a tweet stats object as well.
So this is where we're going to
get into the idea of sort of a top
level resolver and
then cascading down into specialized
resolvers that will take care
of these nested objects.
All right, let's grab this and
drop it into our schema.graphQL file.
Here's my schema .Graph QL file.
I'm just going to add this to the bottom,
right?
If there's no particular importance
of ordering in this file,
just do whatever works for you.
I think there is another
change to make and
that is adding a top level query for
the array of tweets.
Normally we'd want this to be
retrieved on a per user basis.
But let's just pretend in this world,
everyone sees the same tweets.
So we're going to add this
to the query top level type.
We're also going to add this effectively,
a has one relationship,
where each user has a user stats object.
So we'll add that to the user type.
Put that right here at the bottom.
Great, that is the extent of what we need
to do in terms of schema modification.
Now just just note, author and
stats on a tweet are nullable
fields they do not end with
this exclamation mark.
Same is true for the stats field.
This is what we need to do if these fields
are populated on an as needed basis,
right?
In order to sort of save the effort of
abstaining from getting that data and
putting it together.
They need to be nullable right.
All right, so
the next thing we're gonna do is add
some more objects to our context object,
right?
This is the thing that the database is
sort of held on and it travels along and
each resolver and gives us access
to all sorts of different things.
We're going to create
some little caches So
let's open up our Apollo server.ts and
let's go down to where that context
is defined, which is right here.
And we're going to add some new things.
We'll call them DB tweetcash.
And there'll be an empty object and
then we're going to have
another empty object
DB tweet to favorite count map and
then DB user cache
All right, so
we're getting a little type error here.
It's telling me object
literal has properties on it.
An object literal may only
specify known properties.
Has anyone know why we're
getting this error?
What's the purpose of excess
property detection and TypeScript?
Let me put it to you a different way.
So let's return this object.
Let's like it make our arrow
function a little bit more explicit.
This means exactly the same thing now.
And if I were to do this
The error goes away.
Kind of interesting the way that happens,
right?
In many situations,
just sort of taking a value and
holding it in a variable that
doesn't affect much of anything.
Right, almost every other
type error we would see,
continuing to appear we would have
meaningfully change the situation.
However, for
this particular type of error,
the problem has to do with TypeScript.
Well, the thing TypeScript is
warning us about is these three
things are not on the tweet
resolver context interface.
And if we return this object literal
anyone who's using this value,
they're not going to be able to safely
access these extra things that we have.
So it's sort of like
we're creating this and,
it's almost guaranteed that you'd
have to do some dangerous thing
like casting downstream
in order to access these.
Now if we hold them in a variable like
this, now it's in theory down here.
If I could access this right there
could conceivably be a purpose for
me using this in some way right cuz I
can pull it off the variable even if
things outside the function can
only access DB because that's
the only thing on this interface, right?
So that's why access literal property
checking kind of goes away when you
hanging off of a variable.
But in any case,
we solve this in a more reasonable way
by adding this stuff to our type.
So, we're gonna go to resolvers.ts so,
we're going to define the types for
these things.
And all of these will be records
So we've got a record of DB tweets.
That's a record of, DB users.
And then this last one, the long name,
tweet to favorite count map.
This is going to be just
a simple string to number.
All right, so
how are we gonna end up using these?
Well, first, let's see,
the errors went away.
These things are present on the type,
these are no longer access.
They belong to this interface,
they were just adhering to the contract.
In fact, if we were lacking these,
we would get errors.
Course, which is just as it should be.
So what are we going to use these for?
Well, there are some situations where
there's a situation we may run into in
a moment where we we could
run into what's known as like
the n plus one query problem.
So let's imagine we're
getting the list of tweets.
And in order to do that, we have to Figure
out authors of all the respective tweets.
Let's say that we have 100
tweets all by the same author.
If we do this in a naive way, and
we say, first we grab the tweet, and
then we get the user ID of the author,
and then later on we'll query
the database for that author.
Well, we could end up going
to our database 100 times to
get that one record, over and
over and over again.
So what we want to do is kind of pre fill
some information, reuse things if we can.
And this is where we're going to hang
things, so that as we move through
different resolvers, we can take advantage
of the fact that we've sort of primed
a cache with some data and save ourselves
from hitting our database too hard.
And at that lower level, you may not
have the context to know whether
it's appropriate to use the cache or
to make a query yourself.
You can just sort of use something that's
there if somebody who knows more put it
there for you, if that makes sense.
So that's what these two
are going to be used for.
Tweet to favorite count map.
This is like a similar intention but
rather than saying, here's a tweet,
go iterate through all of
the favorites in the database and
count how many pertain to this tweet,
right?
That's a full iteration
through all of our favorites.
So what we can do is iterate through
all of the favorites at once and
create a map of like this tweet
had six and this tweet had four.
We can do one pass through the array
with sort of a array.reduce and
just tally things up Is up in
the appropriate buckets and
then downstream we already
have the counts ready to go.
So that's the purpose here to do
a little bit of work ahead of time and
save ourselves from excessive querying